GHOST:
Previously on Power...
Think they'll be loyal to you?
I think I'm last on
their list of priorities.
PROCTOR: I don't have anything
to give you on St. Patrick.
But what I can say is if
anyone is helping them out.
it's Angela Valdes.
They trace this back to me.
I am dead in one second.
So we don't really care
as long as we get our guy.
CONNIE: Do you really
wanna snitch
on the only family you're gonna
have left when I'm gone?
That's us over there.
I'm gonna make sure she's taken
care of until the end.
We both will.
His boy Ghost is who
called the hit
that got your boy
popped in the leg.
(speaking Italian)
I can't protect my family
without your alibi. 'Keisha.
I saw Kanan Stark at the
penthouse during Rama's wake.
Are you being held
against your will?
(Tense music)
- (grunts)
- No. no. no. no. please!
(gunshot)
(retches)
JOE: ♪ They say this is
a big. rich town ♪
♪ I just come
from the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it.
this is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen
to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby.
I gotta make it ♪
50 CENT: ♪ I never took
a straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists
and turns. bumps and bruises ♪
♪ I live. I /earn ♪
♪ I'm from that city full of
yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start
in these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homey. I grew up in hell.
a block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner every 15
minutes. they moving seven ♪
♪ Pure snow. bag it.
then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options.
get some blow or some hos ♪
♪ Shoot the ball or the strap.
/earn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it. man.
in the meantime ♪
♪ Go head and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal. royal flow.
my James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007.
that's 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover liar.
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes and
tell her. baby. I love ya ♪
♪ You're my inspiration.
you're my motivation ♪
♪ You're the reason that I'm
moving with no hesitation ♪
JOE: ♪ They say this is
a big. rich town ♪
♪ Yeah. I just come
from the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it.
this is where it goes down ♪
♪ Oh. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I just happen
to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby.
I gotta make it ♪
This is a brutal crime that
has the entire city on edge.
ANCHOR:
It has shaken the NYPD.
which lost four
of their own last night
in a brutal massacre.
but here is what we do know:
late last night.
four NYPD officers
gunned down in Queens.
The suspect.
also found dead at the scene.
is Kanan Stark.
Kanan Stark has a long history
of felony convictions.
including drug
and weapons offenses.
He was recently
freed from prison
off a prosecutorial
misconduct inquiry.
He has no known
surviving next of kin.
His son Shawn was murdered.
and that crime was never solved.
Police now looking
into that crime as a...
(muffled arguing through wall)
TOMMY: Tasha.
what you did was wrong.
TASHA: You know what?
You motherfuckers have lost your mind.
I did What I had to do.
TOMMY: You did?
Well. you could've...
- What the fuck?
- TOMMY: You could've followed the plan.
- TOMMY: We had a plan.
- TASHA: You knew where I stood on Kanan.
And I came to you about Kanan.
Tommy.
- When?
- But you were working with him.
- How was I supposed to trust you?
- Because we're family.
And family doesn't go
behind each other's back.
You--you're kidding
with that shit. right?
Both of you know
what the point is.
The point is that Tariq
could've been killed.
- That's the point!
- Listen.
I didn't know the shit was
gonna go down like this. okay?
Well. Tasha.
it did go down like this.
Kanan was supposed to get arrested.
take a charge. just like before.
Your plan needed
Tariq to make it happen.
What. one dead kid
ain't enough for you?
- Fuck you. Ghost.
- You deserve that shit.
I'm done.
(overlapping chatter)
It wasn't Mom's idea.
it was mine.
I knew Kanan wasn't
gonna go back to jail.
but I didn't tell Ma he wasn't
gonna go without a fight.
- Tariq.
- Tariq. you knew?
I knew exactly how it would
go down. Uncle Tommy.
I thought maybe if he got himself killed.
then it would just fix everything.
I started a problem
and I fixed it. right?
No.
That was fucking stupid. Tariq.
You could've got
yourself killed!
But I didn't. I'm still alive.
Uncle Tommy!
Hey. hey!
Lower your fucking voice.
Have some fucking respect.
You know I was the only person
that really cared for Kanan?
I just took a loss
so you guys could win.
What'd you say?
I'm the reason you guys won.
- Is that right?
- 100% right.
Get your fucking ass
to the room.
Go pack your bags.
I'm taking you to the train station now.
We going back to school.
- I didn't stutter.
- Neither did I.
I'll talk to y'all later.
See what I'm saying?
That's your son.
You better get him.
Look. the whole plan of Choate
was to get you to focus.
That's--that's why we decided
to send you to Choate. son.
To focus on books.
focus on bullshit
I didn't have the
opportunity to do.
But instead you're turning
into a little fuckin' G.
What. you're the man right now?
Is that what it is?
None of us is going to jail.
right?
Hey. hey. hey-
Four cops are dead.
That's on you. son.
Four people that showed up
to save you. Tariq.
Four families
are completely ruined
because you had to be the man.
Our family's ruined.
Why should theirs
be any different?
What do you want from me. Tariq?
Huh?
What do you want from me. boy?
Teach me
the motherfuckin' game. Ghost.
You listen to me.
I would fucking rather kill you
than to let you into this life.
So whatever gangster moment
you feeling.
you make sure it's the last one.
This is who I am.
These suits don't
change who you are.
And that school
can't change who I am.
I'm gonna miss my train.
(Foreboding music)
ANCHOR: Police now looking
into that crime
as they continue to canvass
this area.
trying to figure out whether
the death of the son
had anything to do
with the crimes of the father.
We will continue to keep you
updated on this story--
So--(scoffs)--Kanan Stark
killed your dirty cop.
Tasha St. Patrick was telling the truth
about her gun all along.
Looks that way.
Doesn't feel right. though.
He murdered four cops
in cold blood
when confronted with his guilt.
Looks like a goddamned
confession to me.
And there's no reason Angela
Valdes would help Kanan Stark.
There's no connection there.
But the St. Patrick kid
was in the car at the time.
I think it's time
for you to let this go.
Sergeant Rodriguez.
Yeah?
Right.
Well. thanks for
the effort on this one.
Most appreciated.
(Ominous music)
I know what you're gonna
say about Angela.
but she did use
Darryl Gaines' log-in
to trash that ballistic report.
To help a man she didn't know.
God. e-even Joe Proctor
came in last night
to say he thinks she's the one
helping Egan and St. Patrick.
that she's the consigliere.
Does he have any proof?
Do you?
Either Angela is guilty
and too smart to get caught.
or she's innocent
and we are gonna go down
trying to trap her.
Either way.
like I said to Sergeant
Rodriguez. "Let it go."
We got other cases to work.
and other bad guys to get.
ANCHOR: Once again.
the NYPD is in mourning
as they now investigate the
deaths of four of their own.
(knocking on door)
ANCHOR." At this point
there are many more questions
than answers--
Angela. how could you go
behind my back with Tasha?
I thought I could trust you.
I put my trust in you.
I didn't mean
for this to happen.
No one did.
You put my son in danger
in a situation
that you couldn't control.
Now. thank God he got out.
but four cops are dead.
Kanan's dead.
This is all on you.
I tried to talk to you
about Andre Coleman.
I tried to make you see
it was a bad option.
You shut me down.
You were determined to do
things your own way.
My way. drug dealers
and murderers get hurt.
Your way. innocent people die.
Your way wouldn't have worked.
Jamie. when you get an idea
stuck in your head.
there is no
talking you out of it.
Andre Coleman was the wrong
person to frame.
And Tasha told me you had
a separate agenda for him.
Tasha had an agenda for Kanan.
She used you and my son
to eliminate her enemy.
while I had the situation
under control.
How many times have
you kept me in the dark
promising you've
got it under control?
You have deceived me
time and time again
because it was
convenient for you.
(sighs)
How do I trust you again. Angie?
I did all of this to save Tariq.
But you didn't save him.
and that's not just on you.
(Solemn music)
We're in the clear now. Jamie.
This is where we can start over.
I'll call you later.
(sighs)
(knocking on door)
Ah. shit.
What the fuck
I tell you about showing up?
Get in here!
Yeah. we're not great
at taking orders.
We're gonna be here every day
if you don't give us something.
What're you talking about?
I gave you something.
Oh. right. yeah. you did give us intel
on the Marshal Williams kill.
but I forget. John.
how did that go?
- Dead end.
- SAXE: Yeah.
You knew damn well
the security cameras were down
when St. Patrick
killed Marshal Williams.
If he killed Marshal Williams.
You never got back to us about
the lawyer we asked about.
- Angela Valdes?
- Yeah. I asked.
Tommy said there
was a lawyer involved.
He didn't give me a name.
Look. uh. my Connie took a turn
for the worst last night.
All right?
She's goin' to hospice now.
You understand?
You don't help us. you'll be
going some place worse.
SAXE: Yeah. actually
got a little something to show you here
you might find interesting.
Eh?
TERESI: Sons of bitches.
MAK: You don't deliver the
goods on St. Patrick and Egan.
these are going to your friends.
starting with Vincent Ragni.
SAXE: We wanna arrest Tommy
by the end of the week.
You think you can
make that happen?
- Yeah. yeah. sure.
- Great.
Because we're
losing our patience.
Stop fucking around. old man.
(Tense music)
(door shuts)
ANCHOR: And as I said.
the suspect also found dead at the scene.
What is not known at this point
is whether he was working alone
or whether
there is another suspect
whom they are searching for.
So...
ANCHOR:
Details are still sketchy.
What we know--
Where were you this morning?
I just had to go
and see Ghost and Tasha.
- Ghost and Tasha?
- Mm-hmm.
You said once we got through everything.
we wouldn't have to deal
- with them no more.
- You right.
I just had. uh.
some unfinished business
with this Kanan shit.
(Scoffs)
And now they got me on record
all mixed up with
what happened to him.
Somebody I don't even know.
Tasha went too far with that.
I ain't built like that.
lying to the cops and shit.
- Maybe so. but you did it.
- Yeah. for the family.
For you.
Look. 'Keisha.
if we gonna be together.
that shit could happen again.
I'm just--
I just wanna be 100 with you.
I don't wanna have
to do that again.
I mean. I got the shop.
I got Cash to protect.
and myself.
Well. don't do nothing
you don't wanna do.
But then again. if you ask me.
and you were honest with me.
then that's my choice.
Tasha didn't give me one.
Come here.
(giggles)
I mean. I know you move weight
and all. but...
you ain't never killed nobody.
right?
Oh. you fucked up.
You fucked up!
Diego's head at your hotel?
I told you to keep this move
as far away from us as possible.
ALICIA: If our enemies
discover I approved the murder
of my own brother--
(speaking Spanish)--
I will be shot in the street.
Look. my enemies made a move
that I can guarantee
they will pay for.
No. your enemies are
many steps ahead of you.
- That concerns me.
- It is a setback.
- But it's nothing I can't fix.
- I--
The kill looks like
it's from a rival.
We can play that
into our own favor.
It can benefit you.
It can benefit us.
What's your status on the
Bassett Hotel Group right now?
Are you resuming operations
as normal?
Will you be flying to Paris?
Will my drugs be moved
into Europe as planned?
Things with
the Bassett Hotel Group
are on hold
until they blow over.
Then of what use are you to me?
My business is never on hold.
- My New York network--
- Can be run by anyone I see fit.
You were supposed to build me
a bridge across the Atlantic.
Until you complete that mission.
Cristobal is in charge.
- Wait. what?
- Yes. You work for him now.
(Foreboding music)
(grunts)
ANGELA: Retribution is imminent
for the decapitation of Diego.
We need to move forward
with getting a warrant
and arresting Alicia.
Angela. Agent Tampio gave us
explicit orders
not to pursue the Jimenez.
Diego's death
changes everything.
His orders to kick the Jimenez
were contingent
on the cartel's stability.
DONOVAN: And I'm guessing
Diego Jimenez's severed head
negates that stability.
- There will be a power vacuum.
And it will lead to
an open cartel war.
None of us want
that blood on our hands.
I say let the rival
asshole cartel soldiers
take each other
out in the fight.
As the Jimenez network
scrambles to recover.
our window of opportunity
is narrow.
We need to act now.
You're right. Angela.
time is of the essence.
Hit the streets.
and see what you find.
- and report back to me.
- Thank you.
(Scoffs)
So what. now you just magically
have no suspicions
- of her at all?
- TAMEIKA: I didn't say that.
But for now. until you two
show up with something real.
this is the plan.
(snickers)
- Why the fuck are you late?
- Shit was crazy.
Truck got searched
at the prison gate.
So they got my fucking weight?
Nah. we got it through.
but something wasn't right.
- I mean. they singled us out.
- What?
How long you been running
shit through there for?
- JOEY: Years.
- Years?
Yeah. some shit
don't sound right.
- So why now?
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
What.
you got a snitch in your crew?
I don't think we got a snitch.
Hey. Joey.
thanks for the heads up.
- I known my guys forever.
- All right. all right.
Listen. put a slow roll on
things till you hear from us.
All right? All right.
SAMMY:
I don't fucking like it.
All right. maybe Romano
was running his mouth.
but maybe we got
a snitch among us.
Or maybe they
tightened up security
'cause two guards got dead.
You talk to anybody about
what we got going on?
Did I talk to anybody-- you blaming me
for the truck getting stopped?
Hey. I'm just saying
you're a fucking wild card.
- I don't know what you'll do.
- Ooh. Sammy.
I'm a fucking wild card.
You know what. my man?
I don't think I like
where you going with this.
I don't really give a fuck what
you fucking think you like.
TERESI: All right. all right.
Hey. Sammy.
- Calm down and back off.
- Me?
Yes. you.
Tommy gave us the shit.
It's his product.
Why the hell
would he fuck with it?
Come on. you have one setback.
- Don't let it screw with your head.
- My head's fucking straight.
- What's the matter with you?
- Sammy.
Your head ain't straight.
You need a beer.
What'd you say. Sammy?
Maybe something stronger?
- You want one. Dad?
- Yeah.
This conversation ain't over.
Something ain't right.
(Ominous music)
No one followed you. right?
Who do you think you are?
Men in Black?
No. Now what gives?
I gotta pick my daughter up
in 30 minutes.
SAXE:
We want you to wear this wire
next time you meet
with St. Patrick.
Are you high on crack cocaine?
Ju--no fucking way.
We need proof Angela
is the consigliere.
Steer St. Patrick
into admitting that on tape
- and your problems are over.
- Not gonna do it.
That sounds like
a "you" problem.
Not mine.
How would a federal indictment
impact the custody hearing?
Wearing a wire on a client.
That goes against
everything I stand for.
- PROCTOR: Sorry. fellas.
- Think about it. Joe.
SAXE: You want the cokehead
to get your daughter?
If I were to do this.
I need a proffer.
Guarantee that
all this goes away
no matter what he says
or doesn't say.
It's a deal.
(Foreboding music)
Mm.
Let's be clear. I'm not gonna
be at your beck and call.
running into the city
every time you say so.
Okay. I hope that shit makes you
feel better. 'cause you're here.
Look. I talked to
the accountants.
It seems that we've reached our
financial goals for the QCP.
despite your sticky fingers.
We just reached our goals.
I was gonna call you.
No. you weren't.
but that's okay.
Look. I wanna plan a
ribbon-cutting ceremony. okay?
I want press in attendance.
I want local children.
I want a dedication plaque
for Raina--
I was planning to wait
until I announce my candidacy.
And Rashad. how does that
benefit me or Queens?
Big moves.
More press attention.
From better outlets.
You see. governors. James.
- are national news.
- Smart.
And yet somehow it still smells
like your typical bullshit.
- It can be both. James.
- Hmm.
Deal.
I'll out the ribbon.
you throw your hat in the ring.
And no one knows you're
an embezzling son of a bitch.
Ah. come on. brother.
There are far worse things
I can be.
You should know.
(door closes)
It's not every day you find a
human head inside a nightclub.
Well. the local police
already came through.
I don't know why the U.S.
Attorney's Office would get involved.
Although. it's good
to see you again. Ms. Valdes.
I want information to take down
Alicia Jimenez now.
With Diego gone. we both know
the Jimenez cartel will crumble.
And you are a dead man walking.
whether on the street
or in jail.
Witness protection.
One-time offer.
Only way out alive.
(Tense music)
I could ruin you
and James with what I know.
People already know
about me and James.
Same way you do.
Sure. I could lose my job.
but you could get the needle
and lose your life.
Then what kind of father
would you be?
What's it gonna be. Andre?
You help me get Alicia
off the street.
and it helps us both.
Believe it or not.
that squiggly. crazy writing.
it says Xanax.
And the big ones is Oxycontin.
- Huh?
- Pharmaceutical grade.
- It's the best shit out there.
- No shit.
- Got any Turns?
- Turns? You crazy.
- I got Viagra. though.
- Sold.
- You got all this stuff from the Serbs?
- Yep.
TERESI: They must be
easier to deal with
- than the Mexican savages. huh?
- Oh. no. not even.
The Serbs make the Mexicans
look like Boy Scouts.
- They eat their enemies.
- Come on. that ain't true.
I'm serious. The rest of
their food is real good. though.
(chuckles) How the hell did
you hook up with these guys?
This guy Milan came around.
scouted out Ghost.
You know. of course.
we had to get rid of him.
I almost lost my head
because of that.
That's my son.
always a survivor. right?
And when are we
gonna see Ghost again?
No. he ain't got nothing to do
with this part of the business.
- GHOST: Tommy.
- Unbelievable.
Jesus. speak of the devil.
What's up. bro?
- What you want?
- I just wanna talk.
Talk.
- I mean. in private.
- Oh. no. we ain't doing this.
That's all right.
I gotta go see Sammy.
- It's nice to see you. James.
- You too. Tony.
- Bye. Tommy.
- Hey. Grims.
- TOMMY: Walk my father out.
- Yeah.
(hip-hop music)
You need to stop this bullshit
about telling people
where they can be.
Tommy. I'm not about
to talk about Kanan. man.
in front of Teresi.
Plus. I wanna make sure we good.
We good?
Tasha and Tariq both said that
you had nothing to do with it.
so I gotta believe 'em.
You gotta believe 'em?
I don't know how to trust you.
Ghost.
I'm out there setting up
to kill Dre--
Which we still gotta do.
by the way.
- How?
- What do you mean "how"?
That head shit
is all over the news.
He got mad heat from the cops.
They gonna be all
over him for a minute.
Look. I got product
I gotta distribute.
And you got a son that you need
to straighten the fuck out.
- Yeah. Tariq is fucked up.
- Man. if he was my boy--
- But he ain't your boy.
- Oh. okay.
Look. man. you know
what I mean. all right?
I'll worry about Tariq.
You worry about Teresi.
By the way. why would you
bring him here?
Come on. Tommy.
you can't trust him.
And when you're so close
to someone.
you can't really see 'em.
You mean. like you?
This the last time
I'm gonna tell you.
this ain't
none of your business.
And he's doing more
to help me and my business
- than you are right now.
- Your business?
Yeah. he's getting my product into
the Manhattan Correctional Center.
We making a lot
of money together.
Well. whoopity-fuckin'-do.
Tommy.
Let me tell you something. brother.
when this shit goes down.
and you know it will.
just remember I told you so.
And because I did.
keep your brother's name
out your motherfuckin' mouth. all right?
Oh. yeah. out my mouth. Gone.
(sighs)
Be happy never to say
your fuckin' name again.
Tommy. I heard that.
It don't feel right.
Mmm.
What are you all
twisted up about?
Listen. Tony.
you ain't gonna like this.
but me and Joey. we got
some concerns about Tommy.
And we think he could be
a snitch.
You're out of your mind.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Well. alls I know is.
we've been running this scam for
20 years. we ain't never had a problem.
Now we're doing it a couple of weeks
with Tommy. we're getting stopped.
- Well. it don't make any sense.
- Huh?
There'd be no reason for Tommy
to fuck with his own money.
What I'm saying is.
the pipeline's up and running.
We know who the connect is.
Listen. we got money.
We got everything
we ever wanted.
You gotta turn Tommy
over to the Feds now.
(Ominous music)
You're a fucking mind reader.
you know that?
That is exactly
what I was thinking.
- Yeah?
- Exactly.
We gotta turn Tommy in
to the Feds.
How you planning on doing that?
I'm just gonna tell the
bastards about Tommy calling me
while I was inside and ordering
the kill on that federal agent.
Mike Sandoval. right?
I got full immunity.
But it'll roll up
Tommy and Ghost.
You and me.
rolling in the cash. buddy.
(clicks tongue)
You know. (chuckles)
I was starting to think you
were getting soft on the kid.
(laughs)
You're a ruthless motherfucker.
(laughter)
I love you for that.
Look. man. I...
I just wanna make sure
that we're good.
Look. man. we good.
There's no bad blood. all right?
You're her man right now.
I know how to take orders.
You're on the rise.
Nah. man. see. I'm--
I'm not on the climb.
Right? I didn't ask her
for the promotion.
- She just gave it to me.
- Look. it makes sense.
I'm cool.
Let me just lay low
for a little bit
until shit cools down. you know?
But. you know.
go be that go-to guy.
Don't want nobody else to
replace me but you. I promise.
All right?
Anything else you wanna say?
Well...
just wanted to let you know
that she asked me
to come to her spot
at the Ridgebury tonight.
Okay.
And what she wanna talk about?
Shit. man. from the way
that bitch was talking.
I think she want
to give me that ass.
Oh.
She wanna give you that ass ass.
(laughing) Okay.
Okay.
- A'ight. my man. There you go.
- All right.
Give her that "papi chulo" shit
you're always talking about.
Yeah. my nigga. my nigga.
Yeah. All right. man.
I'm glad we good.
- No. we're great. man.
- All right.
- (laughing) All right. man.
Yeah.
(Foreboding music)
(exhales deeply)
- NICOLA: Vincent.
- Yo.
NICOLA: Kid says
he wants to talk to you.
What kid?
Ah. what're you doing here?
(speaking Italian)
(Chuckles)
Saw what happened
to your man on the news.
VINCENT: Decent guy.
Well. to me. at least.
- Saved my ass.
- TARIQ: Yeah. me too.
It's fucked up how
he went down and shit.
Got a whole bunch of his weight.
Could you help me move it?
How old are you?
Old enough
to wanna make some money.
I go to school in Connecticut.
I move the pills
and shit up there with ease.
But this shit I'ma need help with.
I don't know. kid.
I don't know anything about you.
You could trust me.
I wouldn't be here if
I had somewhere else to go.
Okay. one time.
We'll see how it goes.
Now. get out of here before
your parents come lookin'.
- I need a favor.
- What?
You know where
I could get a fake ID?
(gasps)
DRE: You know. it's a long time
since I was Ghost's driver.
but I dropped you off here once.
I guess you were too busy playing wifey
to notice the change in help.
Blackmail won't work.
You may be loyal to your boss.
but it won't save you.
If I talk. I'm dead.
I'll protect you. Andre.
Tell me what you know.
WITSEC will put you
far away from Alicia.
Give me Alicia. Andre.
All right.
There's a drop tonight.
She made me get her
a suite at the Ridgebury.
She's meeting her distro.
Cristobal.
Cristobal's her distro now.
not you?
- When did that change?
- Are you gonna go get them or not?
If the information
you give me checks out.
and I take Alicia down.
I'll get you WITSEC.
(Ominous music)
All right. we got a deal.
(Speaking Spanish)
Dre seems like the revenge type.
Yes. he is.
But I think he's afraid of you.
As he should be.
(Sensual pop music)
And you...
Hm?
♪ Gonna take my time ♪
♪ You're gonna love me ♪
♪ I just moved
through your door ♪
♪ Till the end of time ♪
♪ Together. babe ♪
♪ Forever. babe ♪
♪ You could be mine
Would you be mine? ♪
♪ It might be
some other thing ♪
♪ You could be mine
Would you be mine? ♪
♪ Be mine
Be mine ♪
♪ Won't you be mine
(cell phone ringing)
(Moans)
I don't want to. I have to.
- Ah. sorry.
- Puta madre.
(grunts)
People who have this phone.
they really know when to use it.
Bueno.
Hello?
(overlapping chatter)
AGENT: FBI. don't move.
(POP music)
Hands up.
AGENT: Alicia Jimenez.
You're under arrest for murder.
drug trafficking. racketeering.
and conspiracy.
Get her the hell out of here.
CRISTOBAL: Get the fuck off me.
♪ Ah. ah. ah ♪
♪ You're gonna know my name ♪
(cheers and applause)
Yes. yes. yes.
we had a big win for us today.
And I congratulate AUSA Angela
Valdes on a job well done.
(cheers and applause)
ANGELA: Thank you.
This has been a historic win
for our office.
Thank you so much
for your efforts.
(overlapping chatter)
(Ominous music)
(sighs)
(cell phone snaps)
(knocking on door. opens)
Mazel Tov on the biggest win
of your career.
Close the door.
Who is your snitch?
- What?
- ANGELA: You and Saxe have a secret Cl.
I'm your boss.
I just had a huge win.
I am not going anywhere.
Who is your goddamned snitch?
His name is Tony Teresi.
He's Tommy Egan's father.
(Dramatic music)
Now. why was that
so fucking difficult?
(cell phone rings)
Ah.
Oh.
Assholes.
Yeah.
Tony! Haven't heard from you
in a while. brah.
Just wondering if we're. uh--
If we're still friends.
TERESI: I've been busy.
It's not a good time to talk.
We're getting those photos
to Vincent Ragni today
if you don't give us something
on Tommy and St. Patrick.
St. Patrick?
You mean Ghost. right?
(Tense music)
St. Patrick is Ghost.
No shit.
Give us something we don't know.
Mike Sandoval.
How the fuck
do you know that name?
TERESI: How do you think
I know that name?
You were in the same facility
with Mike.
Did you have something
to do with his death?
I got full immunity. remember?
Yeah. that's a guarantee.
TERESI: I took care of
that hit on the inside.
But it was ordered
by St. Patrick.
Ghost.
What about Tommy Egan?
Tommy didn't have
nothing to do with it.
It's honestly--
Tommy's kept me at arm's length
about anything important.
I got nothing on him.
TERESI: But I can give you
St. Patrick.
Ghost. on a stake.
All right. you're coming in
tomorrow to verify everything.
MAK: Don't leave town. old man.
We'll find you.
Fuck you.
What the hell was that?
I was. uh-- I was keeping
these pricks at arm's length.
We talked about this.
You said you were gonna
hand over Tommy.
It ain't like that at all.
Instead I hear you clear him
of a murder he asked you to do.
- It ain't like it looks.
- Bullshit.
- No. come on.
- You had a fucking gun to my head.
This ends with
a bullet in my back?
- Egan is going down!
- What. you don't trust that I would do
- the right thing?
- (door opens)
Well. I haven't spent a whole
lot of time with you
for the past 25 years. right?
So I don't think
I really know you.
Hey. what the fuck is going on?
I'll tell you
what the fuck is going on.
Your father-- (grunts)
- Get off him!
- God damn it.
(grunts)
What the fuck just happened?
I found our snitch.
TERESI.' ll' Was him.
It was Sammy?
After all this time?
I know.
He was gonna drop a dime on us.
Right?
(exhales deeply)
You gonna help me get
rid of the body or what. son?
Come on. There's garbage bags
underneath the kitchen sink.
I said I would call you.
It's about Tommy.
What. is he in some kind
of trouble or something?
I think we all might be.
Did you know Tommy's father
was still alive?
Uh. yeah. Teresi.
I found out not too long ago.
What's going on?
He's talking to
the U.S. Attorney's Office.
I said it.
I knew we couldn't trust this old snake.
Is this why he got a early release?
- Looks like it.
- So what do they know?
I'm just finding out about this.
Can you tell me
what Teresi knows?
- He knows a lot. Angie.
- About me?
About all of us.
- You need to tell Tommy.
- Good luck with Tommy believing me.
Make him believe you.
Otherwise we're all going down.
I'll handle it.
NICOLA: That shit will
give you cancer anyway.
VINCENT: That's the damn truth.
Yep.
I think you got
the wrong place. pal.
Looking for Vincent.
Name's James.
VINCENT: I seen you
in the paper.
I'm Vincent.
What can I do for you?
Well. Vincent. I have some
information you need.
Oh. okay.
Take a seat.
So what information is Tommy
Egan's very public best friend
and former business partner
have that I need to know?
Tony Teresi.
He's a criminal informant.
How do you know?
Let's just say I confirmed it
with a credible source.
Okay. let's get to the point.
You didn't come here
to give me information.
You want something. right?
You must want it awful bad
to risk coming here
after what you did.
So. what? You can't have Tony
get dirt on Tommy. right?
'Cause then he gets dirt on you.
Ain't that right. Ghost?
Yeah. I know.
Mm.
Kanan told you I put
that hit out on you.
Well. that was bullshit.
He lied.
But you don't want Tony getting dirt
on Tommy either. right?
'Cause you're moving his weight.
Tony doesn't know any details
about me and Tommy.
Yeah. but now that you're not
fucking
with either one of them.
can you really be so sure?
If Tommy Egan finds out
the truth about Tony Teresi.
he'll take care of him
for both of us.
We won't have
to lift a fucking finger.
And he won't come back
at us for revenge.
So then tell him.
My relationship with Tommy
is a bit complicated.
He may not believe it
coming from me.
My relationship with him
ain't much better.
But he's your connect.
Vincent. right?
You tell him that
if he clips Tony.
it'll get him back in
good with you.
that you'll move
his weight again.
It'll appear to be a win-win
for both of you.
And then when Tony is gone.
well. you tell Tommy whatever
the fuck you wanna tell him.
You and me?
We got nothing to lose. Vincent.
Except for a rat.
MAK: Remember
the key talking points.
The Mike Sandoval murder.
Your job today is to get
St. Patrick to admit
that Angela
is the one that told him
about Sandoval in prison.
You know.
you two could be disbarred
for even asking me to do this.
This is literally the worst
thing a lawyer could ever do.
Yet somehow I feel
like you've done worse.
Oh. and don't try and play us
or fuck this up.
or your life is over.
Where's my proffer?
I walk out of here
wearing this. we are done.
You don't back Lindsay
in family court.
Elisa Marie stays with me.
And I don't hear shit
from the two of you ever again.
- MAK: Deal.
- Whatever you say. boss.
(Suspenseful music)
I'm gonna hang onto this
until after we're done.
What. you think
I'm a fucking idiot?
I'm not gonna answer that.
but what if St. Patrick searches you?
Oh. well.
then he'll find the wire.
and I'd say that's
a way bigger problem.
See you around. fellas.
GHOST: My man. Joe Proctor.
attorney at law.
Becoming a thing. huh? You visiting
clients in the middle of the day.
I got a empty office
back here. if you need it.
(chuckles)
Nah.
GHOST: So what's up?
You all good?
You seem a bit.
I don't know. nervous.
Yeah. no. I'm all--
I'm all good.
(Chuckles)
All right.
It's funny. James.
- Actually. you're not my client anymore.
- What do you mean?
Well. I mean.
since I've been reinstated.
you haven't paid me a retainer.
so technically.
you haven't hired me back yet.
(Chuckles)
You want a check. I got you.
No. no. no. nothing like that.
I'm just--I'm just saying.
I'm not really representing you
anymore.
Yeah. but we're beyond that
anyway. right?
I figure it's like
what you said.
Who did I come to
when I was in trouble?
I came to you.
Why? Because you are family.
(Chuckles)
You're right.
You are family.
100%.
What's going on. Proctor?
GHOST: Joe. what're you doing?
Just gotta ask you a question.
(Tense music)
Mike Sandoval.
The Feds have been sniffing around.
Mike Sandoval. the prosecutor
who framed me for Greg Knox's murder.
Why are we talking about him?
Well. how did you know
where he was?
I didn't know where he was.
What. Terry Silver
didn't tell you?
I mean. I have it on good
information that he knew.
Silver said nothing.
Plus. how would he know?
PROCTOR: That's right.
Right. the only people who knew where
they were holding Sandoval were the Feds.
Which brings me to a question.
Do you think Angela
could've known?
James.
No. because after I was cleared.
Angela was on the outs
with all the Feds.
Plus. Angela's the one
who shot Sandoval. so.
why would they tell her
where he was going?
There's no way
she could've known?
No is the same
in every fucking language. Joe.
Well. then...
I guess we have no idea what
happened to Mike Sandoval.
No idea.
Then. uh. we got nothing else
to talk about.
(grunts)
(groaning)
GHOST: What the fuck
is wrong with you. huh?
It's the Feds. James.
they're all over my ass. okay?
They want me to hand you in.
but I'm not.
And this is your
fucking solution?
- No!
- Proctor.
I would not do that.
It's not what it looks like.
Throw you over this
motherfucker. Joe.
You think I would
tell you I was hot
if I wanted to give you up?
(gasps)
Then what the fuck's going on?
Fucking talk.
The Feds. okay?
They are gonna try to get
Angela to turn against you.
If they get evidence against her.
she will flip in a heartbeat
and serve you up
on a silver fucking platter.
Why should I doubt her?
PROCTOR: Because it's the fucking truth.
I've been telling you the truth
ever since this bitch
came into the picture.
But her magical
little fucking pussy
seems to twist all my words
around in your head.
- Proctor.
- James.
You need to listen to me.
They are going in hard.
She needs to go.
So what are you gonna tell 'em?
I'm gonna tell them
that I didn't get anything
from you today.
But the real question is.
what is she telling them
right now?
Yeah. I've warned you before.
haven't I?
About choosing
yourself over her.
You can't have it both ways.
Make the right decision.
Choose yourself.
Or you will be doing life.
(door opens)
TOMMY: There he is.
What's good. my G?
You miss my product or just me?
Give me some good news.
my Italian friend.
Wish I had some better news for you.
Please take a seat.
All right. I know you ain't
just calling me down here
to shoot the shit.
So. what's up?
- Hold up. Hey. Nicola.
- NICOLA: Yeah. Tommy?
Get me a pasta fagioli.
Teresi's a snitch.
What the fuck did you just say?
Your father has been
talking to the Feds.
- You got that shit wrong.
- No. I don't.
(Tense music)
All right. look.
Maybe you know somebody
in your organization
been talking to the Feds.
but it ain't my dad.
This gots to be
some kind of mistake.
I wish it was. but it ain't.
And it all checks out.
Nah.
Wait. I...
I seent this motherfucker.
Wait. where the fuck
did you get these?
- Doesn't matter.
- It fucking...
- What this got to do with me?
- Okay.
Why am I here?
We need you
to take your father out.
You--get the fuck out of here!
Do you even hear what
you asking me to do?
Yeah. I do.
But I ain't asking.
This is an order
from the family.
Fuck that.
That ain't my family.
That's your family.
He is my family.
You wanna trust this rat?
You're gonna spend the rest
of your life in a prison cell.
But either way.
you're fucking dead.
Sorry for your loss. kid.
- Thanks.
- Sign here.
Here are your father's ashes.
(Solemn music)
You all right?
You've been quiet.
Yeah. I'm good.
Man. I hate going to see Connie
in this goddamned hospice.
I do not wanna go that way.
Yeah. me either.
(Breathes deeply)
You know. you never did tell me
how you got out the joint.
The details.
It was a...
it was a dirty detective.
worked my cases.
(Chuckles)
I told 'em all along.
This fucker has been
setting guys up for years.
I ought to sue the city.
you know.
for every nickel they got.
I looked into it.
Don't check out.
Bullshit.
Who'd you check it out with?
- I got friends.
- Yeah?
Who you been talking to?
Question is.
who you been talking to?
What the hell is going on?
What is this. Tommy?
(Tense music)
I just wanna know
who you really are.
Tommy. I'm sorry...
I ever tell you
who this ring belonged to?
- No.
- Yeah.
It once belonged to somebody
very close to me.
Somebody I love and trusted.
But then she went
behind my back.
She gone now.
(exhales deeply)
You better go see your wife.
You're not gonna--
We'll finish this conversation
when you get back.
(door opens)
Hi. gorgeous.
How're you feeling?
The doctor said that the only
thing they can do for me now
is keep me comfortable.
- I'm comfortable.
- (chuckles)
I wanna tell you.
marrying you was the only
smart thing I ever did.
Something's up.
What's up with you?
Tommy knows. doesn't he?
- Yeah. he knows.
- Oh. God.
(sighs)
That kid would've stormed
the gates of hell for you.
(Somber music)
You were gonna just
sell him down the river.
- Honey. that's--
- Really?
Well. that's the thing. Con.
I'm...
I'm not gonna sell him
down the river.
He's my kid.
You know?
I just told the Feds that
so they'd let me out
so I could be with you.
Is that the truth?
Tommy's not going anywhere.
(sighs)
Oh. thank God.
Oh. that's the man I married.
I love you. Connie.
See you tomorrow.
(ominous music)
(engine revs)
Are you taking me to Vincent?
I know.
You gotta do what you gotta do.
I thought we was family.
Hey. we are family. okay?
We don't know each other
all that well. but--
- Don't.
- L-Listen. I'm just saying--
- Nah.
- You don't understand.
I do understand.
Stop.
Why'd you let me go see Connie?
I didn't do it for you.
I did it for her.
You got every right
to be upset with me.
but I gotta tell you.
getting to know you.
I couldn't be prouder.
You're the best son
that a father could have.
I will be the son.
even though you could
never be the father.
You're not taking me
to Vincent. are you?
I'm taking you home. Dad.
- Oh.
- You should stop talking.
(Tense music)
Vincent ain't gonna forget this.
And he ain't gonna let it go.
You gotta know that.
Ah.
I told the Feds
I was gonna drop a dime on you.
TERESI:
Then I got to know you.
And I couldn't do it.
I just couldn't.
(chuckles)
You're a good man. Tommy.
I couldn't be prouder of you.
A little too late. Dad.
(Bishop Briggs'
"Dead Man's Arms playing)
BISHOP: ♪ That's you.
oh. Lord ♪
♪ You got more bones
than a graveyard ♪
♪ It's true.
oh. Lord ♪
(engine revving)
♪ There's more love
in a dead man's arms ♪
♪ Dead man's arms
dead man's arms ♪
♪ Dead man's arms ♪
♪ Dead man's
arms ♪
♪ So maybe
it's built of stone ♪
♪ Maybe it's dark as coal ♪
♪ Used to be a heart.
I'm told ♪
(cell phone vibrating)
♪ You know it's true ♪
♪ Oh. Lord ♪
♪ You got more bones
than a graveyard ♪
♪ That's you.
oh. Lord ♪
♪ There's more love
in a dead man's arms ♪
♪ Dead man
dead man ♪
(rattling outside)
(chuckles)
Tommy.
What's the matter?
TOMMY: Teresi.
You was right.
I told you a million times.
You're too trusting.
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh. there's more love
in a dead man's arms ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh ooh ♪
♪ It's true.
oh. Lord ♪
♪ You got more bones
than a graveyard ♪
I fucking killed him. Ma.
You did the right thing.
I didn't see that there
were any meetings
scheduled for tonight.
What's this about?
ANGELA: What is going on here?
A little visual aid
just in case you get confused
about which drug dealer you're
aiding and abetting today.
MAK: We're charging you
with conspiracy.
You're a part of this
criminal organization.
and you're gonna pay
for your crimes.
You don't have
any proof against me.
When I told you Tony Teresi
was our Cl. it was a test.
We found the body tonight.
Angela.
How well did you
protect your Cl?
- MAK: That's not the question.
- Yeah. the question is.
who did you tell?
TAMEIKA: No more games. Angela.
Now you are gonna give us everything
you have on St. Patrick.
and everybody you are both
affiliated with.
Or else you are going down
right along with them.
♪ Dead man
dead man ♪
♪ Dead man. dead man ♪
♪ Dead man
dead man ♪
♪ There's more love
in a dead man's arms ♪
♪ Dead man's arms.
oh. Lord ♪
♪ There's more love
in a dead man's arms ♪
♪ Oh
Oh ♪
♪ There's more love in
a dead man's arms ♪
♪ Oh
Oh ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ It's true ♪
♪ Oh. Lord ♪
♪ You got more bones
than a graveyard ♪
♪ It's you.
oh. Lord ♪
♪ There's more love
in a dead man's arms ♪
♪ Dead man's arms ♪